The backend session system (using connect-pg-simple) is functioning properly:

Sessions are stored in the database.
Session cookies are being sent.
Authenticated API calls work.
However, on the frontend:

The React app loses the authenticated state (isAuthenticated: false) after navigation or page reload.
🔧 Likely Causes:
React Context/Auth Provider reset on navigation or refresh.
React Query does not persist session state between reloads.
Missing cookie headers in fetch requests from frontend (especially if running client and server on different ports or domains).
Missing credentials: 'include' in frontend fetch/axios requests, which prevents cookies from being sent.
Vite dev server proxy misconfiguration (if used) could strip cookies.
✅ Recommended Fixes:
Ensure cookie is being sent on frontend requests:
In all fetch or axios calls to backend routes (e.g. /api/session), make sure to include:
fetch('/api/session', {
  credentials: 'include',
});
Verify AuthContext implementation (client/src/lib/auth-session.tsx):
On initial load, call /api/session to fetch session info.
Set the context value based on the response.
Ensure the context value is not reset when navigating (wrap app in AuthProvider at top level).
Check React Query caching:
If using TanStack React Query to fetch session data:
Ensure the query is not cleared on page reload.
Consider using persistQueryClient to persist session state between reloads.
Frontend and backend must share the same domain or subdomain, or the cookie must be configured properly. If testing locally:
Set cookie: { secure: false, sameSite: 'lax' } is fine.
But ensure frontend requests are on the same origin or credentials: 'include' is used consistently.
✅ Optional Debug Steps:
Use browser DevTools to check if connect.sid cookie is being sent with requests.
Log the result of the /api/session endpoint in the frontend.
Confirm the context or React Query state does not reset unexpectedly.
Optional: Replit Task Instruction
Please focus on fixing the React frontend auth state persistence. The backend session is working.
Likely culprits: missing credentials: 'include', context reset on page load, or improper session fetch logic.
Let’s audit auth-session.tsx and ensure session info is fetched and stored globally on mount, and persists via React Query or state context.