I was and am still able to access the CPanel but deploying your Web Application on CPanel as requested by you on URL www. prohorcematch.com/app is not possible as CPanel have some limitation regrading Node.js and Flutter I tried many ways around but ended up again at point zero. So, now when I asked you to upload the newer version of your Application with your requirements catered, to Replit. I wanted to make sure that the application hosted on Replit contains the newer code so I could simply add the replit link to the capacitor mobile application, So both your web application and mobile application have the same updated code base and latest changes included but alas the build failed when you last try to upload on replit. Now we can do 2 things:

1. You give me your production Database URL, Session Secret Key, Stripe Key ( As you have already provided) and anymore info/requirement needed by me for the production build process I'll log into your replit account and upload the production build on your behalf which will be complicated and complex process which will have dependences on the both sides as it will require continuous communication and back and forth messages until the process is done.

2. I'll give you the whole updated code with your requirements catered without any configuration file and you asked replit to replace this updated code with the old code already deployed on Replit. It will be a smooth and no hustle process as replit already have knowledge about all the configuration used in your web application. And once they are done uploading the newer code you will be able to verify it by seen the updated drop-down of location and currency. Once verified you will provide me the link where replit web application is hosted and then i'll simply added the capacitor mobile application and upload the build on both Playstore and App store.

I Highly appreciate your patience but I want to make sure that you know that your development is not abandoned or stopped due to this technical hurdle We have already started working on subscription model so that your precious time is not wasted. Further have any queries or confusions I am also available to explain you in a zoom/google meeting.